Various todo fixes (#80)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/discussion/author-topic.tex

\subsection{Author-topic model}\label{sec:discussion_author_topic}
Some interesting observations can also be made specifically in the author-topic model.

> The similarity of authors is an good example, which can be measured by taking the distance between their topic distribution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The similarity of authors is a good example, which can be measured by taking the distance between their topic distributions.
```
